## Change Logs

> [!CAUTION]
> EML AdminTool v2.0.0-beta.3 is a breaking upgrade from EML AdminTool v2.0.0-beta.1: all your data will be lost during the upgrade. Please make sure to back up your data before upgrading. Aditionally, you cannot upgrade to beta 4 using the "Update" button. **Please install EML AdminTool v2.0.0-beta.4 as a fresh installation.**

**Attention**: This beta version is set as _latest release_ in GitHub. Beta versions will receive updates until the official release. If you find bugs, please open an [issue on GitHub](https://github.com/Electron-Minecraft-Launcher/EML-AdminTool-v2/issues).

EML AdminTool is now available via GHCR. You can find the latest version [here](https://github.com/Electron-Minecraft-Launcher/EML-AdminTool-v2/).

### Removed features

* **Stats**: The Stats option has be removed from the dashboard. It will be reintroduced in a future update with more features and security improvements.

### Changes

* Removing Express API and replacing it with SvelteKit's server-side routing.
* Implementing Prisma as the database ORM with PostgreSQL as the database.
* Using Watchtower for EML AdminTool updates.
* Added Files Updater file-caching to speed up API calls and reduce server load.
* Added Loader memory-caching to reduce external API calls.
* Replacing Monaco Editor with CodeMirror 6 for file and news editing.
* Added news preview.
* Added Danish, German and Italian translations.

### Bug fixes and improvements

* Improved error handling and toast notifications (English only).
* Used `semver` to validate Bootstrap versions.
* Added translation fallback to English if the translation is not available.
* Fixed CORS issues with Minecraft/Mojang external API calls.
* Added missing `aria-label` attributes to buttons for better accessibility.
* Improved global performance.
* Added link to the EML AdminTool [wiki](https://github.com/Electron-Minecraft-Launcher/EML-AdminTool-v2/wiki) in the footer.
* Updated dependencies.

### Known issues

* Low-quality internet (such as phone tethering) connection may cause external API calls to fail.
* Error page does not always display the corresponding error message.

## How to upgrade

### First-time setup and upgrading from v2.0.0-beta.1

Please follow [this guide](https://github.com/Electron-Minecraft-Launcher/EML-AdminTool-v2/wiki/Installation-and-setup) to install EML AdminTool for the first time.
