## Change Logs

**Attention**: This beta version is set as _latest release_ in GitHub. Beta versions will receive updates until the official release. If you find bugs, please open an [issue on GitHub](https://github.com/Electron-Minecraft-Launcher/EML-AdminTool-v2/issues).

> [!CAUTION]
> Upgrading from `v2.0.0-beta.5` to `v2.0.0-beta.9` involves a breaking change in the database system (PostgreSQL 18). **Please follow [this migration guide](https://github.com/Electron-Minecraft-Launcher/EML-AdminTool-v2/blob/main/.github/guides/migrate-postgres.md) before performing the update.**

### Bug fixes and improvements

* EML AdminTool now uses `marked` for Markdown rendering, improving performance and security.
* Fixed an issue where the server might not restart properly after setup completion, update or reset.

### Known issues

* Error page/notification does not always display the corresponding error message.
* In some cases, Docker may not read the `.env` file from the host system (with `ORIGIN`) correctly.

## How to upgrade

### First-time setup

Please follow [this guide](https://emlproject.pages.dev/docs/required-knowledge) to install EML AdminTool for the first time.

### Upgrading from a previous version

Make sure that Docker is installed on your server, and the default Docker socket is available at `/var/run/docker.sock`.

#### Upgrading from `v2.0.0-beta.5` to `v2.0.0-beta.9`

Follow [this guide](https://github.com/Electron-Minecraft-Launcher/EML-AdminTool-v2/blob/main/.github/guides/migrate-postgres.md) to migrate your database before performing the update.

Please note that EML AdminTool will not be available during the update process. We recommend that you perform the update during off-peak hours to minimize disruption to your users.
