## Change Logs

> [!CAUTION]
> EML AdminTool v2.0.0-beta.2 is a breaking upgrade from EML AdminTool v2.0.0-beta.1: all your data will be lost during the upgrade. Please make sure to back up your data before upgrading.

**Attention**: This beta version is set as _latest release_ in GitHub. Beta versions will receive updates until the official release. If you find bugs, please open an [issue on GitHub](https://github.com/Electron-Minecraft-Launcher/EML-AdminTool-v2/issues).

### Changes

* Removing Express API and replacing it with SvelteKit's server-side routing.
* Implementing Prisma as the database ORM with PostgreSQL as the database.
* Added Files Updater cache system to speed up API calls.
* Improved error handling and toast notifications.
* Replacing Monaco Editor with CodeMirror 6 for file and news editing.
* Added Danish, German and Italian translations.

### Bug fixes and improvements

* Fixed CORS issues with Minecraft/Mojang external API calls.
* Improved global performance.

## How to upgrade

### First-time setup

Please follow [this guide](https://github.com/Electron-Minecraft-Launcher/EML-AdminTool-v2/?tab=readme-ov-file#installation) to install EML AdminTool for the first time.

### Upgrading from a previous version

Make sure that Docker is installed on your server, and the default Docker socket is available at `/var/run/docker.sock`.

1. Log into EML AdminTool as administrator.
2. Click on the "Settings" tab.
3. Scroll down to the "Update" section.
4. Click on the "Update" button and wait for the update to complete.

Please note that EML AdminTool will not be available during the update process. We recommend that you perform the update during off-peak hours to minimize disruption to your users.