## Change Logs

**Attention**: This beta version is set as _latest release_ in GitHub. Beta versions will recieve updates until the official release. If you find bugs, please open an [issue on GitHub](https://github.com/Electron-Minecraft-Launcher/EML-AdminTool-v2/issues)

### New features

* **Files updater**: Upload files that will be downloaded by the launcher when the user starts the game. This is useful for distributing mods, resource packs, and other files that need to be downloaded by the launcher.
* **Bootstraps**: Update the launcher. Every time the launcher starts, it will check if there is a new version of the bootstrap.
* **Maintenance**: Set the server in maintenance mode. This will prevent users from starting the game until the server is out of maintenance.
* **News**: Add news that will be displayed in the launcher.
* **Background**: Customize the background of the launcher.
* **Stats**: View the stats of the launcher.

## How to upgrade

### First-time setup

Please follow [this guide](https://github.com/Electron-Minecraft-Launcher/EML-AdminTool-v2/?tab=readme-ov-file#installation) to install EML AdminTool for the first time.

### Upgrading from a previous version

Make sure that Docker is installed on your server, and the default Docker socket is available at `/var/run/docker.sock`.

1. Log in to EML AdminTool as administrator.
2. Click on the "Settings" tab.
3. Scroll down to the "Update" section.
4. Click on the "Update" button and wait for the update to complete.

Please note that EML AdminTool will not be available during the update process. We recommend that you perform the update during off-peak hours to minimize disruption to your users.